- 👋 Hi, I’m @martinanderson and this is **my Code and Story**.
- 👀 I have been interested in coding since the age of about 15y, when I got a Commodore64 PC from the flee market, a simple rig connected to a 90's curved-screen TV :)  Everything got started from a bunch of floppy disks, a Commodore-Basic programming textbooks and a few magazines that came with it, no Internet access back then. Coded a simple ASCII ping-pong game and a password protected diary :) and ever since that I've been hooked. 
- From there I have grown to become a **Full Stack Web Developer of now more then 20 years**. 
- **I started coding web projects as a job and business at 1999**. From the first browser-wars, thru the Web1 and Web2 growth pains and mobile revolution, into today's mobile-first social online commerce experience. Have coded a fully functional Content Management System and a bulk Email Marketing Software from scratch, in addition to more general everyday development tasks. I guess one of the biggest **recognition's about the quality** of my code has been a successful passing of the security audit ordered by my customer, an international insurance giant. I have also coded a **cross-platform "Windows-Linux-iOS-Android" app** from a ground up.  I have recently started to organize my code to release it all to Open Source step by step. Looking back I realize that I should have done that a long time ago. Too late to change the world :) with that now, but better late then never.  
- **My strengths** are **PHP, Python, JavaScript/ActiveScript, CSS, MySQL/Postgres/SQLite**, in that order. And of curse the basket of **CSS/JavaScript libraries and frameworks** and the hunger to never stop learning as technologies develop and grow. I enjoy the most working on the **Backend code, Frontend and UX coding** (also in that order), but trying to avoid designer tasks. 
- And I feel very comfortable with **Linux and Docker server management**. LAMP setups for web hosting and mail servers mostly. In the beginning of 2K ran my own hosting service on FreeBSD, but these days simply use my skills to set up Linux VPS or Docker servers on Debian. On this front I'm not some hardcore whitehat, but I manage to get everything done and run reliably, plus add some code for automation.  
- **Odoo** (*odoo.com*) Community Edition has turned out to be my favorite for fast, cost-efective, extendable, out-of-the-box platform for website + back-office setups due it's Open Source principals and Python core. An amazing product :) with full data integration between it's army of different specialized apps and plugins. Especially if you need to, for example, build a modern fully integrated website with e-commerce, back-office, accounting and point of sale integrations for a small business - like a restaurant, store etc.

- 🌱 I’m currently exploring and studying **Blockchain and Web3** development - decentralized applications (dApp’s), smart contracts, blockchain interoperability, cryptography, all that good stuff. I have strong conviction about it's eventual mass adoption. In the not so distant future more and more blockchain code will find it's way to the retail hands, for regular business use, personal finance, gaming, entertainment, social media, immutable data storage and so on. Literally thousands of applications and services are already in development Today. Blockchain is the backbone of the 3rd Generation Internet Infrastructure and is empowering users in so many ways, giving the person back the control over he’s personal data, ownership and independence. Indisputable and clear to anyone who has really examined the technology and I'm preparing to ride on that train :)

- 💞️ Please contact me if you think that I can be a useful team member on your project. 
- 📫 Best way to reach me is by e-mail martin@all-tec.ee
